REIN: When I opened
the Darwin’s Game app
for the first time,
I immediately noticed
a certain phenomenon.
‐ Hmm? Is something
bothering you, Rein?
‐ I just got a notification
from Mio.
Darwin’s Game.
Wonder what it is.
[cell phone warbles]
[gasps]
The famous
18th‐century mathematician,
Pierre‐Simon Laplace,
wrote about what I
experienced in an essay once.
‐ You okay?
‐ [gasps]
He said that if
there were an entity
that knew the location
and momentum of all the matter
in the world
at any given time...
[gasps]
and if that entity
had sufficient
intellectual capacity
to analyze and interpret
this boundless information
in its entirety...
[gasps]
then for that being...
Wait! Stop!
‐ Why?!
‐ [tires squeal]
‐ nothing in life
would ever be uncertain.
In their eyes,
the present and the future
would be every bit as clear
as the past.
[Japanese music playing]
[wind blowing]
REIN: There are
two of them.
We’re 30 seconds
away from contact.
‐ Roger that.
FLORIST: They slipped
past us again?
That’s bizarre.
The rings show my soldiers’
approximate locations,
but still, this shouldn’t
be that easy for them.
[gasps]
They’re on the 29th floor.
Are they predicting
my orders somehow?
I’d like to tell my troops
to abandon their rings,
but a command that contradicts
their own motives
could break my hold over them.
Scattering my forces is risky,
but I have no choice.
I’ll station soldiers
in two of the stairwells,
then have the remaining two
close in
from the east and west.
That way,
I can clear every floor.
Those kids can kill every one
of my men, for all I care.
They’re just expendable pawns,
anyway.
And if one of them
does get killed,
then I’ll know exactly
where my targets are hiding.
Door‐to‐door operation, go!
[music playing]
‐ It’s okay.
They’re not nearby anymore.
‐ [sighs]
Even if he does figure out
we might be hiding
in one of the guest rooms,
his goons won’t be able
to get past the automated locks.
Look at that. We made it
over the first hurdle.
I can’t believe
you had the foresight
to stick a pillow in the doorway
of the room you were in
when the event started.
Your quick thinking saved us.
‐ When running away’s
your specialty,
you tend to pick up
a few tricks.
Sometimes a locked room
can really come in handy.
That said, I’m sure
they’ll catch on any minute now,
so we probably shouldn’t
stay here for much longer.
Sorry to ask you twice,
but are you sure about this?
We’ve only got about
a 40% chance of succeeding.
I don’t like those odds.
And even if we do succeed,
there’s less
than a 50% chance we’ll live.
All in all,
we’re 80% likely to be killed.
‐ I understand.
We’ll just have to be
as prepared as possible, then.
‐ [sighs]
Where could they be?
There’s nowhere to hide
in the hallways,
and none of the guest rooms
look broken into.
The room keys are kept
on the first floor.
I saw them on the upper floors,
so they couldn’t have
gotten their hands on one.
If they were in a room,
there’d have to be some kind
of damage to one of the doors.
Then again...
I shouldn’t
jump to conclusions.
They could have
found a key elsewhere,
or perhaps they used a Sigil
to bypass the locks.
Let’s suppose for a moment
that those two are hiding
inside a guest room.
That could explain
why they were so meticulous
about shooting out
the security cameras.
They wanted to make sure
I didn’t see
which room they ran into.
So considering
which cameras were destroyed
and their location
when I lost sight of them...
[chuckles]
Floor 29.
They’ll almost certainly
be found in room 2907.
It’s checkmate,
you little pests!
No, there are clear signs
that someone was in the room.
They must be hiding somewhere.
[rumbling]
[gasps] An explosion?
What caused it?
[gasps] They’re using explosives
to break through
the barricade to floor 25!
Perfect. Now I know
just where to find you.
‐ Just as I expected,
one explosion wasn’t sufficient.
Unfortunately,
there’s not enough time
to try setting off another one.
‐ They’re on floor 26!
Head for the eastern barricade!
‐ [gags]
‐ [panting]
This stun gun
is actually pretty useful!
So, aside from
the failed explosion,
everything’s going as planned.
However, this next step
is the most crucial, though!
‐ Sure hope this works.
‐ You were the one
who suggested it.
It’s not a bad idea, really.
We’re just lucky no one else
has thought to try it yet.
Guess we were successful.
I can’t believe
it never occurred to me
that we could access the gacha
shop in the middle of the game.
I mean, you rarely have a second
to try things out
during a one‐on‐one battle.
‐ Okay, we have
all the supplies we need.
Now we just need to figure out
who’s doing what.
‐ Since I have Laplace,
it makes more sense for me
to use the explosives.
‐ What’s Laplace?
‐ Oh, that’s the Sigil
that D‐Game decided to give me.
Universal Function.
Here’s what it looks like.
‐ Wait a minute. I didn’t notice
anything like that on my screen
when the game gave me my Sigil.
Did you come up with that name
on your own, or what?
‐ That’s the part
that bothers you?
No, the D‐Game system
chose that title for me.
Or perhaps
it’s more accurate to say
it was selected by the person
who created the app.
I don’t suppose you’re familiar
with the classic concept
‐ of "Laplace’s demon," are you?
‐ No.
‐ The idea was proposed
by a scientist named Laplace
during the 18th century,
before the field of quantum
mechanics was established.
It’s fairly straightforward,
actually.
Imagine a being that knows
the mass and momentum
of every atom in the world
and possesses
infinite calculative abilities.
‐ Uh, okay. So it’s like some
kind of demon supercomputer?
‐ Exactly. I assume
the creator of D‐Game
called my Sigil "Laplace"
because its ability is
reminiscent of that old concept.
[panting]
All four of them
are following me as planned.
Now it’s just
a test of stamina!
[panting]
I’m exhausted.
I should have
done more training runs
to prepare myself for this.
[footsteps shuffling]
They caught up!
10 seconds
earlier than I thought!
‐ They failed to hit her again?
It seems I vastly
overestimated my troops.
No, that’s not it.
Incredible!
She’s dodging every bullet!
‐ Laplace!
Their formation has
a gap on the right side.
Two seconds
before their next shot,
one second before that,
I’ll shoot!
[groans]
She’s surprisingly tough.
And there’s something else
that’s bothering me.
What happened to the boy?
Did he send the girl away
to fight on her own
while he stayed behind
to cower like a dog?
If so, then I’ve
misjudged him as well.
I don’t know.
When I saw him on the camera,
he didn’t seem to have
the eyes of a coward.
There’s no sign of him near
the barricades or elevators,
so where is he?
‐ [rumbling]
‐ What?!
He’s already reached
the first floor?
How’d he get there that quickly?
Did he climb down the outside
to bypass the plant on floor 25?
I tried not
to underestimate him,
but he’s one step ahead of me.
I failed to understand
his objective.
I realize it now.
My greatest mistake was not
seeing how determined he is.
This entire time...
his target was me!
[footsteps echoing]
‐ The Florist has been
watching us on the cameras.
If this place
has a security office,
it’s probably
down that hallway,
which, of course,
is blocked by plants.
Time for another one of these.
[sighs] Oh, man.
I’m totally exhausted
after all this.
Maybe it’s because I’ve used
my Sigil so many times.
I didn’t have a chance
to open the shop again
while I was running, so...
‐ There’s no need for you
to use that grenade, young man.
‐ [gasps]
I take it you’re the Florist.
‐ Well, I’ve certainly never
introduced myself that way.
What do you say you and I
have a little discussion
before we begin?
‐ You wanna talk?
‐ One of us is going
to die in this room
or perhaps both of us.
Therefore,
this will be our first and
final chance to exchange words.
Now, what is your motivation
for playing D‐Game?
‐ Motivation? I don’t have one.
I fell into this nightmare
by accident!
‐ [plants creaking]
‐ Well, my motivation is money.
A human life’s
an extremely valuable commodity.
It’s worth around
100 or 200 million, in fact.
‐ You kill people for money?
‐ The death of one organism
helps another one to grow,
as you’re about to find out.
Now then, your life or mine?
‐ Forget it, dumb‐ass!
You don’t
get to choose what happens!
‐ You’re right.
It’s not my decision.
‐ [gasps]
‐ It’s survival of the fittest!
‐ How the hell is he so strong?
With a name like the Florist,
I was expecting a wuss!
‐ You’ve heard
of those ancient lotus seeds,
the ones that were
found in ruins
and bloomed after
a whole century of dormancy?
Surely you
must have seen the way
weeds can grow through concrete,
stretching up to meet the sun!
Make no mistake.
Plants are far more formidable
than animals!
And I’ve been blessed
with their unstoppable power!
‐ All right,
then I won’t hold back!
The bullets are bouncing off!
[groans]
‐ Fatal mistake, boy.
‐ He can do that too?
‐ Now I’ve really
got you in checkmate.
‐ [grunts]
Don’t count your chickens
before they hatch!
‐ I see. Your Sigil is
quite the thorn in my side.
It would appear
you have the ability
to reproduce any weapon
you’ve seen before.
‐ [panting]
‐ But...
obviously there’s a limit
to that handy little talent
of yours!
‐ Damn it. I didn’t think
he’d pick up on that.
My head feels like
it’s gonna split open.
I can use my Sigil
one more time, two at most.
Man, who knew
I’d get my ass kicked
by a dude who fights
with killer plants?
That’s it. Back to square one!
‐ Exactly what
I thought you would do!
[gasps] A flashbang.
[groans]
Not half‐bad.
Even so, there’s no escape
from my immaculate garden!
‐ [groans]
[gasps]
[yells]
[gags]
[groans]
[chorus vocalizing]
‐ I will admit you do
possess a warrior’s spirit.
I respect that.
You were a worthy opponent,
but you still lose!
‐ [gags]
Aw, crap.
I barely have the strength
to stand up now.
Is this really the end for me?
Well, I probably lost
the moment my bullets
bounced off his armor,
since that was the best thing
I had up my sleeve.
[metal clangs]
You again, huh?
[metal clanging]
That voice in my head’s
back to pester me.
FLORIST: It would appear
you have the ability
to reproduce any weapon
you’ve seen before.
SHUKA: Even if nobody
tells you what it is,
you should be able
to use it instinctually.
REIN: No, the D‐Game system
chose that title for me.
Or perhaps
it’s more accurate to say
it was selected by the person
who created the app.
‐ [metal clangs]
‐ KANAME: My power,
what is it, really?
The power to reproduce
weapons that I’ve seen?
‐ Are you sure?
‐ What’s that sound?
‐ [metal clangs]
I can’t identify it,
but it’s soothing somehow.
‐ It’s a hammer.
‐ [clang]
‐ A hammer?
‐ A blacksmith’s hammer
as it forges steel.
[clanging]
‐ Why is it that you’ve
come to this place?
[clang]
There’s something you must do,
isn’t there?
‐ Something I have to do?
[clang]
Can you tell me
what it is that you are doing?
‐ All this time...
I’ve been creating new weapons.
‐ How long?
‐ Quite a while now.
This piece of artillery
that you summoned,
it’s fairly decent work.
It should do well in combat.
Now get out of here.
One second on the battlefield
is equal
to a brick of solid gold.
‐ But this won’t be enough.
I can’t break through his armor
with a gun.
And even if I could,
he knows how to make a shield.
‐ [laughs] A shield and armor
that withstands
firepower like this?
They must be
incredibly well made.
‐ Stop laughing!
I’m desperate, all right?
‐ [laughs]
It’s clear
that humanity’s history
of pitting spear
against shield will never end.
Your opponent realized
that armor was insufficient,
so he took the next step.
Now you follow suit.
You should have
all the knowledge you need‐‐
the structure of this gun,
the way it was made,
and how best
to put it to use.
‐ That’s right.
I know all that,
which means
I can make this gun real.
It’s the most natural thing
in the world to me,
like I’ve been doing it
since the day I was born.
He went to the trouble
of using a shield,
which he wouldn’t have done
if he didn’t see
my bullets as a threat.
All right, think.
If I can increase
its power a little more...
BOTH: I’ve got it.
‐ In this case,
it may be beneficial
if we sacrificed
the weapon’s life span.
‐ [gasps]
You sure know a lot about me.
Who are you, anyway?
‐ That’s simple.
I am...
‐ [gasps]
‐ Don’t worry.
I’m a merciful man,
so I’ll make this quick.
‐ Screw you, jackass.
‐ What’d you say?
On second thought,
I’d like to make you suffer.
‐ Shut your mouth.
Enough with the victory speech!
This fight isn’t over yet!
[yells]
‐ Settle down!
Screaming won’t change reality!
[gasps] No.
What’s wrong
with these bullets?
They’re heavy!
‐ When I cut
the gun’s life span,
I increased
the internal pressure.
The powder’s 10% stronger!
If they go
just one millimeter deeper...
‐ [groans]
My shield’s
about to fall apart.
Should I retreat?
No!
This is the critical moment!
[yells]
‐ [yelling]
‐ I won in the end,
you little worm!
[gasps]
[rumble]
‐ Really?
From where I’m standing,
you look like a loser.
‐ I must’ve been hallucinating
in those last few seconds.
I could have sworn
I landed the final blow.
[chuckles] You were
an excellent adversary, boy.
Finish me off with one shot,
if you would.
I’m sorry, Suzune.
Daddy lost this time.
‐ [gasps]
Wow, you really are selfish.
Aren’t you afraid to die?
‐ I’ve been suffering
from heart complications
for quite some time now.
I don’t have very long to live.
‐ Is that so?
‐ Listen, you dying here
isn’t gonna do me any good.
You might as well hang in there
and let your heart
kill you later.
‐ Does that mean...
‐ Yeah. I have a feeling
this Treasure Hunt thing
is gonna be...
[groans]
‐ Whoa, you okay?
‐ You’d better not try anything.
I can easily shoot you
in the head from here.
‐ My Sigil’s maxed out,
so I can’t harm you anymore.
It looks like he’s
run out of energy as well.
‐ Ah, crap. I think I just
blacked out for a second there.
‐ You need to get
some rest, Kaname.
As for you, if your Sigil
really is at its limit,
the best thing for you to do
is sit there
and not move for a while.
‐ That’s exactly
what I intend to do.
I’m happy to hear that.
Now then,
I’ll offer you a deal, Florist.
Or should I say Ichiro Hiiragi.
‐ A deal?
‐ I’d like to find out
how much information
you can share with us
with regards
to this Treasure Hunt event.
For example, can you tell us
how many rings
are inside this hotel?
‐ There should be 24 total.
Why are you asking me that?
‐ Then allow me
to give you some intel.
Did you know that Wang,
the Eighth Clan’s
bloodthirsty leader,
is also participating?
‐ Wang from Eighth Clan?
That man is a loose cannon.
How do you know he’s playing?
‐ I’m the Analyst, an extremely
capable information broker.
Several of the informants
I rely upon
were selected to take part
in this event,
which means I’ve got
eyes and ears everywhere.
They’ve supplied me
with a wealth of information
concerning other players
I can use as leverage.
I also know that
the initial stage of this event
is about to reach
its conclusion.
The strong players have already
accumulated most of the rings.
And possession of the rings
has made those participants
easier to track down.
At this point,
the game’s a free‐for‐all
for the most accomplished
contenders.
Meanwhile, we’ve been
exhausting ourselves in here.
When the members
of the Eighth Clan show up
to collect the hotel’s rings,
we won’t have enough energy left
to stand up to them.
The one plan
that might save us...
‐ Is forming an improvised clan
so we can fight back.
So do we die apart?
Or make it through...
by doing this together?
[Japanese music playing]
KANAME: Next time: "Aquarium."